so many females gathered together on
this cliff inevitably attract the
attention of a rival adult male his aim
is to defeat Scarface and take over his
females he leads a group of outcast
bachelors into battle
Scarface spots them he has everything to
lose because if the bachelors defeat him
they won't just take his females they
will kill his babies the bachelors tried
to reach the high ground to launch their
attack Scarface warns them to keep their
distance but the bachelors continue
their advance
Scarface grinds his teeth to show him
his business
but the bachelor leader reaches the
clifftop and grinds his teeth and
responds
if Scarface loses his battle he will
lose his legacy
you
time to strike
he targets the bachelor leader
Scarface has won and he returns to a
hero's welcome
you